Added a step when you deploy AAD Connect to perform-G-Suite-migration.md (#2094)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/mailbox-migration/perform-G-Suite-migration.md

Once your G Suite environment has been properly configured, you can complete your migration in the Exchange admin center or through the Exchange Online PowerShell.

Before proceeding with either method, make sure that Mail Users have been provisioned for every user in the organization who will be migrated (either now or eventually). If any users aren't provisioned, provision them using the instructions in [Manage mail users](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/recipients-in-exchange-online/manage-mail-users).

> You can also deploy Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Connect to provision your Mail Users, see [Deploy Microsoft 365 Directory Synchronization in Microsoft Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/deploy-office-365-directory-synchronization-dirsync-in-microsoft-azure) for an overview, and [Set up directory synchronization for Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/set-up-directory-synchronization) for set up instructions. Then, you need to deploy an Exchange server in your on-premises environment for user management, and mail-enabled your users using this server. For more information, see [How and when to decommission your on-premises Exchange servers in a hybrid deployment](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/decommission-on-premises-exchange) and [Manage mail users](/Exchange/ExchangeServer/recipients/mail-users.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also deploy Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Connect to provision your Mail Users, see [Deploy Microsoft 365 Directory Synchronization in Microsoft Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/deploy-office-365-directory-synchronization-dirsync-in-microsoft-azure) for an overview, and [Set up directory synchronization for Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/set-up-directory-synchronization) for setup instructions. Then, you need to deploy an Exchange server in your on-premises environment for user management, and mail-enable your users using this server. For more information, see [How and when to decommission your on-premises Exchange servers in a hybrid deployment](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/decommission-on-premises-exchange) and [Manage mail users](/Exchange/ExchangeServer/recipients/mail-users.md).
```

Reviewer: Please change "set up instructions" to "setup instructions" (setup as an adjective one word as per Microsoft Style Guide), and I think "mail-enabled your users" should be "mail-enable your users".

Author: Agree, it's mail enable in this case.

"mail-enable your users"

"mail-enabled user/s"

Author: Thanks for your help!
